Show version/language selectors below the title (#1601)
readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme: docs/configuring.rst

    :type: str
    :default: ``hidden``

.. confval:: version_selector

    Display a version selector below the title.
    This feature makes usage of `Read the Docs Addons <https://docs.readthedocs.io/page/addons.html>`_ for this,

>     so it's required the documentation to be hosted on Read the Docs.

Reviewer: I do wonder about adapting this so it can use a JSON file as well in a future version, but seems fine for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature makes usage of `Read the Docs Addons <https://docs.readthedocs.io/page/addons.html>`_ for this,
    so it's required the documentation to be hosted on Read the Docs.
    It only appears when there are more than 1 active version. 
```

    :type: boolean
    :default: ``True``

.. confval:: language_selector

    Display a language selector below the title.
    This feature makes usage of `Read the Docs Addons <https://docs.readthedocs.io/page/addons.html>`_ for this,

>     so it's required the documentation to be serverd on Read the Docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    so it's required the documentation to be served on Read the Docs.
    It only appears when there is more than 1 active language. 
```
